# Project 1

Web Programming with Python and JavaScript

For this project, I designed a website where users can look up books and leave reviews for them. Users are able to register with a username and password and login to the website. They can also logout and are unable to search for books or leave reviews unless they're logged in.

Once logged in, users can search for books by any part of the title, author, or ibsn and a search will pull up either a list of books (including the title, author, ibsn, and average Goodreads rating) or a message saying no matches found. Users can click on a book and it will take them to a page with information on the book, including title, author, ibsn, number of Goodreads reviews, average Goodreads rating, and the reviews other users have left. Each review includes a graphic showing how many stars the user rated the book, the textual review itself, and the user's name. On this page, users can also submit a review themselves, but they can only submit one per book.

Users can also make GET requests to the website using the ibsn of the book they're looking for. The website will return a JSON response with the book’s title, author, publication date, ISBN number, review count, and average score.

The application.py file is the main flask file for the website. It communicates with the database and handles GET requests. The import.py file creates the tables for the database and imports the information from books.csv into a table called books. It also users a users table and a reviews table, and the latter links to both the users and books tables with reference variables. All of my HTML pages are based off the template in layout.html. The login page is rendered using the login.html page. If the users chooses to create a new account, they are taken to newaccount.html. Once they login, they are taken to /search, which checks the login information and if it's correct, sends them to search.html, where they can search for books. Once they submit a search request, they are taken to books, where they are shown a list of books. If they click on a book that they haven't left a review for yet, they are taken to bookreview.html, which displays information about that book and allows them to submit a review. If they have already submitted a review, they are taken to book.html, which just displays the information and the reviews, not a section to submit a new review.
